Proof reading (#616)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/inventory_guide/intro_inventory.rst

Connecting to hosts: behavioral inventory parameters
====================================================

As described above, setting the following variables controls how Ansible interacts with remote hosts.

Host connection:

.. include:: shared_snippets/SSH_password_prompt.txt

ansible_connection

>     Connection type to the host. This can be the name of any of Ansible's connection plugins. SSH protocol types are ``smart``, ``ssh`` or ``paramiko``.  The default is smart. Non-SSH based types are described in the next section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Connection type to the host. This can be the name of any Ansible connection plugin. SSH protocol types are ``smart``, ``ssh`` or ``paramiko``.  The default is smart. Non-SSH based types are described in the next section.
```
